releases/25-07-2024/android (#134)
hove-io/navitia_sdk_docs: docs/schedule/android/index.md

## 🎨 Theming

### App theme

> The module utilizes graphical components from Material Design 3. To ensure these components function correctly and display properly on the screen, it is crucial to apply the appropriate parent theme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module utilizes graphical components from Material Design 3. To ensure these components function correctly and get displayed properly on the screen, it is crucial to apply the appropriate parent theme:
```
